Creation of FAQ (#51)
European-XFEL/EXtra-geom: docs/faq.rst

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

Why is my image "flipped" when I display it?
--------------------------------------------

At EuXFEL, the convention is to show detector images looking at the front of the detector, meaning the beam coming from behind you. You can get the other view with EXtra-geom's plotting methods by passing ``frontview=False``.

If you use matplotlib's ``imshow(array)`` to display an image, it may be upside down. You can correct this by passing ``imshow(array, origin='lower')``.

> What are "slow_scan" and "fast_scan"?
> -------------------------------------
> 
> We talk about "slow_scan" and "fast_scan" rather than just "x" and "y" axes, because the axes of the data array in HDF5 files do not always represent the same physical directions. For example, working along the "fast_scan" axis might be increasing "y" in one AGIPD module, and decreasing "y" in another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are "slow-scan" and "fast-scan"?
-------------------------------------

We talk about "slow-scan" and "fast-scan" rather than just "x" and "y" axes, because the axes of the data array in HDF5 files do not always represent the same physical directions. For example, working along the fast-scan axis might be increasing y in one AGIPD module, and decreasing y in another.
```

`fast_scan` in code, but fast-scan as a description in text, IMO.

> One way of know them it's to use the `geom.inspect()` in EXtra-geom, where you'll see diagrams where the dashed 'first row' lines are always in the "fast_scan" direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fast-scan is the inner dimension of the data, so a row of pixels along the fast-scan dimension are stored together.
One way to see how the dimensions are arranged is to use ``geom.inspect()`` in EXtra-geom. The dashed 'first row' lines in the diagram are always in the fast-scan direction.
```

> EXtra-geom provides a convenient method, `data_coords_to_position()<https://extra-geom.readthedocs.io/en/latest/geometry.html?highlight=data_coords_to#extra_geom.AGIPD_1MGeometry.data_coords_to_positions>`_, which converts (module_no, slow_scan, fast_scan) to physical positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EXtra-geom provides a method, :meth:`~.AGIPD_1MGeometry.data_coords_to_position`, which converts (module_no, slow_scan, fast_scan) coordinates to physical positions.
```

The `:meth:` syntax makes a cross-link to a method. Sphinx cross links are brilliant - it puts a link to the right place when you build the docs, including doing something useful if you create a PDF or an epub from them.
